src: export number_of_native_contexts and number_of_detached_contexts (#27933)
nodejs/node: doc/api/v8.md

* `malloced_memory` {number}
* `peak_malloced_memory` {number}
* `does_zap_garbage` {number}
* `number_of_native_contexts` {number}
* `number_of_detached_contexts` {number}

`does_zap_garbage` is a 0/1 boolean, which signifies whether the
`--zap_code_space` option is enabled or not. This makes V8 overwrite heap
garbage with a bit pattern. The RSS footprint (resident memory set) gets bigger
because it continuously touches all heap pages and that makes them less likely
to get swapped out by the operating system.

`number_of_native_contexts` The value of native_context is the number of the

> top-level contexts created. Increase of this number over time indicates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
top-level contexts currently active. Increase of this number over time indicates
```

(Because otherwise it’s a big ambiguous, it sounds like it might count all contexts ever created, not just the ones still alive)

a memory leak.

`number_of_detached_contexts` The value of detached_context is the number
of contexts that were detached and not yet garbage collected. This number

> being non-zero indicates potential memory leak.

Reviewer 2: "**a** potential memory leak"?

Author: @bnoordhuis its stated like that in commit message to V8 :-) Probably there are some cases when such behaviour can be considered as "normal behaviour". I can not say for sure.

Reviewer: @yvasiyarov I think Ben was just asking for a small change to align this sentence with English grammar here :)
